Add s3 & horizontal scaling documentation (#23)
aukilabs/domain-server: docs/deployment.md

4. Make sure you have copied the registration credentials. You will need them for the domain server configuration.
5. On the Staking page, connect your wallet and stake the correct amount of $AUKI tokens based on your intended operation mode (dedicated or public).

## Storage Options
Domain Server supports two types of domain data storage backends:

* **Local filesystem** (default)
* **S3-compatible object/blob storage**

When using **S3 storage**, the domain server becomes **horizontally scalable** — multiple instances can be deployed concurrently to handle more traffic and increase fault tolerance, since the domain data is no longer bound to a single machine's disk.

To enable S3 storage, set the following environment variables:

```env
DS_STORAGE_TYPE=s3
DS_STORAGE_S3_BUCKET=your-bucket-name
DS_STORAGE_S3_REGION=your-region
DS_STORAGE_S3_ACCESS_KEY=your-access-key
DS_STORAGE_S3_SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key

> DS_STORAGE_S3_BASE_ENDPOINT=https://s3.your-provider.com

Reviewer: Maybe we should use an example from https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/s3.html or link to it in the text.

We recommend you change to use `image.pullPolicy: Always` if you use a non-specific version tag like `stable`/`v0`/`v0.5` (configured by changing the `image.tag` value of the Helm chart) or choose to use a specific version tag like `v0.5.0`. Check *Supported tags* or the *Tags* tab on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/aukilabs/domain-server) for the tags you can use.

## Storage Migration

To migrate your domain data between **local filesystem** and **S3**, the domain server includes a CLI command:

```bash
./ds migrate-storage
```

This will:

* Connect to the Postgres database to list all domain data metadata.

> * Copy domain data blobs from the **current backend** (determined by `DS_STORAGE_TYPE`) to the **other backend**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy domain data blobs to the **desired backend** (determined by `DS_STORAGE_TYPE`) from the **other backend** .
```

    * If `DS_STORAGE_TYPE=s3`, it will copy **from local FS → S3**
    * If `DS_STORAGE_TYPE=local`, it will copy **from S3 → local FS**

**Important:**

> - The domain server must be shutdown before running the migration command to ensure no data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The domain server must be shut down before running the migration command to ensure no data loss.
```

- Make sure to configure all required environment variables (both S3 access and path settings) before running the command.
- The database must be configured and running.

### Example:

```bash
DS_POSTGRES_URL=postgres://user:pass@host:5432/db \
DS_STORAGE_LOCAL_PATH=./volume \
DS_STORAGE_TYPE=s3 \
DS_STORAGE_S3_BUCKET=my-bucket \
DS_STORAGE_S3_REGION=ap-southeast-1 \
DS_STORAGE_S3_ACCESS_KEY=AKIA... \
DS_STORAGE_S3_SECRET_KEY=abcd1234 \
DS_STORAGE_S3_BASE_ENDPOINT=https://s3.my-provider.com \
./ds migrate-storage
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence here describing how to do it if the Docker or Kubernetes deployment methods are used. I think it can be done by launching the domain server using the desired settings, then exec'ing into the container and run the command manually.
